hello I'm Anthony buco for eat out today
we're going to make some lamb skewers
with an orange and honey glazed with the
lamb skewer today we're going to be
screwing them with some red pepper some
Cipollini onion and again we're going to
have that nice glaze of orange and and
honey what we're going to do is we're
going to make a nice simple glaze what I
have here is I have just a simple acacia
honey to that we're going to add the
juice of the orange then we're going to
toss with some mint the goal here is to
make it glaze so it actually layer
perfectly over that lamb and give you a
nice kind of Sheen in addition to
enhancing the flavor without being
over-the-top the pepper we're going to
basically do a nice little dice to fit
in between those alternating slices of
lamb and onion here we have our lamb and
our in our cipollini zand again that
will actually be positioned on the
skewer we'll dice our our lamb in a way
that once we sear it'll have a nice
setup mid-rare in the middle and then we
just have some of our segments already
from our oranges that we're going to
toss with some mint and just kind of
give us that nice kind of garnish for
our plate all the labor comes in the
Assembly of the skewers and we're
talking minimal we're talking eight
minutes to skewer six minutes to cook
great dinner or appetizer in less than
15 minutes
you